---
title: 1.0.2.0
---

## Features
  1. Feat: Support formula and string builder in attribute and attribute template.
  2. Feat: Support to import from CSV file in TDengine Connection.
  3. Feat: Add the contact point configuration document.
  4. Feat: Add error messages when the sample failed.
  5. Feat: Support formula and string builder type and evaluate the value in expression.
  6. Feat: Add progress bar when the sample is loading.
  7. Feat: Prevent users from directly adding data reference attributes to elements created based on the element template.
  8. Feat: Support to directly upgrade from versions 1.0.0.0 and 1.0.1.x to version 1.0.2.0.

## Enhancements
  1. enh: batch get attributes api added support for returning error information

## Fixes
  1. Fix：Only one scenario suggestion questions under the root element.
  2. Fix：Found Chinese characters in the panel title which activated in English. 
  3. Fix：Deleted panel template will lead the error in dashboard page.
  4. Fix: Always answer the document content when asking a local elements questions in AI chat.
  5. Fix：Failed to load the sample when users log out during the loading process.
  6. Fix：Invalid table name displayed in AI chat.
  7. Fix：Failed to edit the element's panel including child elements' metrics.
  8. Fix：Resolve the issue about that the analysis is still in running after the related stream is deleted.
  9. Fix：Throws multiple error messages when the IDMP container restarted.
 10. Fix：Failed to set local LLM setting.
 11. Fix：failed to access into resource pages after log out from the IDMP cloud.
 12. Fix：Resolve the issue about attribute template name is not consistent to the column name of  super virtual table.
 13. Fix: an issue where updating attribute templates could occasionally cause virtual super tables to trigger errors related to deleting and adding columns with the same name.
 14. Fix: Generated invalid report in AI chat.
 15. Fix: AI chat is invalid sometimes.
 16. Fix：Failed to save the connection info in the sample page.
 17. Fix：Always retrieving panel data when editing its dashboard.

